Adds explanatory prose related to `delegate`. (#246)
WebAssembly/exception-handling: document/core/syntax/instructions.rst

resuming execution after the matching |END|.
In case of |LOOP| it is a *backward jump* to the beginning of the loop.

> In case of |TRY|--|DELEGATE| catching an exception, it is a *forward jump*,
> throwing the caught exception *before* the matching |END|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When |TRY|--|DELEGATE| handles an exception, it also behaves similar to a forward jump,
effectively rethrowing the caught exception right before the matching |END|.
```
